how fucking often does hate week happen jeez. oh yeah a point that i think is good to make is that 1984 is not just to be wary about the future its also whats happening right fucking now. its not just this is what could be its this is whats happening *now*. HE'S GETTING FATTER BABYY! h yeah also him struggling to prove the party is lying definatively even though he himself works for the government lying job. its good. more things about the party wanting idiots, not zealous idiots, but people who dont care to disprove what they are told. 242. okay mr obrian i have been spoiled on your whole thing, but it does give me an interesting lens to read the book through. like, them standing infront of a telescreen? thats very interesting. and julia beliving things the party says if she doesnt think it really matters, then saying all children are swine. shes too young to know it hasnt always been this way. an9d the feeling of pure hopelessness with living under the party, that your life could not possibly have an effect on anything. i feel like a lot of people feel that way today too. oh and i just cought on to another little thing of wordplay, the party being called the "Party" surely isnt just about them being a political party. its the exact oposite of a real party, like many other names in the book, theres no fun theres no letting loose theres no social connection its all sadness and isolation. even the upper levels of the party seem to lack partying. the future of real actual partying lives in the proles. ooh is he ignoring julia because they already have dirt on her? the brotherhood already seems fake because there is no pleasure in it. to fight for freedom is to fight for sucking and fucking. the idea that war is the only way opression can continue to exist is certainly interesting, i dont belive its entirely true but its certainly a compelling point as to why its bad now. 328. he aknowledges milfs, and that proletariats can be pretty 329 good as fuck quote. when obrian says to winston that he has always known he was fake, the appeal to anxiety reinforced by living under the party. the knowing in your heart that the worst possible thing is happening, not that could happen but you are reinforced to belive it is. there is no escape because the thought police know everything. the removal of the privacy through infeasible survailance is gone. fucked up. WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA. that book is really fucked up.. im glad ive read it, although it has only made me moreso confused about politics. i suppose thats good. fuckkkkkkkkkkk... really good book god it sucks so bad man. why does it have to be that way, why cant i just follow why must i learn. why are people dragging me away from this pit called **1984 in real life**... what do you meannnn. unfortunately i dont have much time to ruminate, got so much work to do. but fuck man.